https://brugge-ldes.geomobility.eu/observations,Geomobility LDES for traffic counts in Bruges
https://www.pieter.pm/dcat/sweden/feed.ttl,A feed for the national data catalog of Sweden
https://era.ilabt.imec.be/rinf/ldes,The European railway infrastructure registry
https://telraam-api.net/ldes/observations/by-page,Traffic Counts from the We Count project
https://private-api.gipod.vlaanderen.be/api/v1/ldes/mobility-hindrances,Mobility Hindrances in Flanders
https://waterkwaliteit-brugge-ldes.kindflower-25e41809.westeurope.azurecontainerapps.io/Waterkwaliteit,Water Quality in Bruges
https://apim-iow-apimanagement.azure-api.net/ldes/device-models-by-time,Internet of Water device models
https://apim-iow-apimanagement.azure-api.net/ldes/water-quality-observations-by-time,Internet of Water quality observations
https://apim-iow-apimanagement.azure-api.net/ldes/devices-by-time,Internet of Water devices
https://graph.irail.be/sncb/connections/feed,Train delays in Belgium
https://marineregions.org/feed.ttl,The Marine Regions Gazetteer
https://www.marinespecies.org/rest/feed/taxon,World Registry of Marine Speceies (WoRMS)
https://apidg.gent.be/opendata/adlib2eventstream/v1/adlib/personen,People mentioned in cultural heritage objects in Ghent
https://apidg.gent.be/opendata/adlib2eventstream/v1/adlib/thesaurus,Thesaurus of the collection of Ghent
https://apidg.gent.be/opendata/adlib2eventstream/v1/archiefgent/objecten,Objects in the Ghent Archive
https://apidg.gent.be/opendata/adlib2eventstream/v1/dmg/tentoonstellingen,Exhibitions in the Ghent Design Museum
https://apidg.gent.be/opendata/adlib2eventstream/v1/dmg/archief,Archive of the Ghent Design Museum
https://apidg.gent.be/opendata/adlib2eventstream/v1/dmg/objecten,Objects of the Ghent Design Museum
https://apidg.gent.be/opendata/adlib2eventstream/v1/hva/objecten,Objects of Ghent’s Huis Van Alijn museum
https://apidg.gent.be/opendata/adlib2eventstream/v1/industriemuseum/objecten,Objects of Ghent’s Museum of Industry
https://apidg.gent.be/opendata/adlib2eventstream/v1/stam/objecten,Objects of Ghent’s STAM museum
